
Introduction: 
-------------

I have decided to share relativity's engine with the emag scene. The
reason I have chosen to do this is because the emag scene is not what it 
used to be. Since every emag releases once a month or even more, I decided
to make a viewer. This new concept was originally built for relativity to 
help and produce releases more often using the idea of 3 files; one is the 
exe engine; 
the other is the fx file which contains the music/game/fonts/other files 
that are within every issue; the 3rd file is the file with the articles 
and vga. Every time we release a file.mdb which is the dat file you just 
have to use the viewer to read it. This saves time and problems for beta 
testing, and uploads/downloads to and from sites, and most of all 
compatibility problems . So you ask me, "How come you didn't keep this 
to relativity alone?". Well, my answer to you is, "If every emag releases
under the same engine there won't be anymore problems and code counts for 
50% of the problems every release. You have to improve and remove bugs and
beta test etc. If every one uses my idea we could make the emag scene a 
better and more organized place for everyone involved.

The engine is called, REV Relativity Emag Viewer!

Recently, all groups (Relativity, CWS, The Gamers Edge )
involved with releasing their emags using the Relativity,
Viewer, have formed a universal channel on efnet. Everyone involved from 
every emag will be aiding the creation of a primary channel, a primary ftp 
site, and a primary website to distribute releases from all emags. This 
project is being built from scratch and we need everyone from every emag 
who is involved to join #emags and help us out. It would be very beneficial
to everyone since ideas can be coordinated from group to group and issues 
can be released much quicker than usual. This involves submitting, beta 
testing and finally the release (99% bugless) for every emag. The 
Relativity Emag Viewer is supported throughout a variety of platforms.
Such platforms and requirements include:

- 486DX/33MHZ OR BETTER
- 8MB RAM OR HIGHER (EMS/XMS ENABLED)
- VESA 32BIT OR 64BIT PCI VIDEO CARD (SVGA)
- 8BIT SOUND CARD OR BETTER
- OPERATING SYSTEMS INCLUDE DOS, LINUX W/DOSEMU, WINDOWS


Scenelink is included in the wide range idea of #emags, 
but for being a web  magazine the engine cannot host them .

In order to stay organized we need to set rules, such as channel rules
material submitting rules and emag relations rules.

Every emag, newsletter is welcomed :) .

Every emag can decide if it's a tri-weekly, bi-weekly, other weekly 
released.


Emag Relations:
---------------

* This is for emags that write scene related articles and interviews or 
  emags that have sections that are similar to other emag's sections!

No sharing of writers/artists in those emags since everyone has the same
engine. We are starting from a near point and now instead of concentrating 
on presidents and seniors. The writers and the artists are very important 
to us. In my opinion, "An emag with more good writers will rise above the 
others. No more code differences and the articles/material will decide 
which emag is the best (competition is sky high)."

No fighting with each other NO MATTER WHAT!

Certain groups that are AFFILED with each other may decide not to be affiled
with other emags, so don't try to steal affiliations and members or this 
will cause a removal from #emags (not worth it).


Submitting Rules: 
-----------------

If the council decides about quality control, emags must meet deadlines or 
any other quality control implementation.

For starters, everything is changeable in the engine, so you can do anything.

All emags should be submitted to Muaddib in a RAR file including all vga art
in GIF 87A format 640x480x256 colors, and all articles in binary files (acid
draw saved as .bin) must be less than 64 * 1024 (64k), Muad Doesn't need 
seperated files and he wont take them, when you release an issue put every
little thing in the RAR file .

Fli anims should not go above 500k, ansi menus should be 80x25 in .bin files
and all articles must be edited fully, can be in ansi mode, or just plain 
text but must be saved as binary! Emag must have its own ansi menus. I will
not provide stuff from relativity or other emags to any group. They must 
have enough room for a menu of 9 lines and 50 chars, in the middle. When 
the engine will be in vga menus, changes will be announced .

Text file containing the section and subsection topics must be included in 
the RAR FILE, inorder to compile it, Muad will not do your JOBs, he only 
compiles the packs PERIOD .

All RAR packs will be submitted 3 days before the release date, it takes 
about that time to compile, and beta test. To be 99% perfect, a pack must 
be checked and double checked by the emag releasing it, MuadDib will not 
take another file and will not compile over again. Make sure you do it 
RIGHT the first time and the packed files must be perfect.

The emag being released, will get a file.mdb, which is the main file that 
by using the viewer could be run smoothly.


Conclusion: 
----------

If you say that in the scene there are 50000 people couriering, hacking,
cracking everyday and you look at the d\l from the dcc bots you would notice
that it has about 5000 d\l in 2 days after an emag has been released. 
Amazing, a 10% increase! Think about a bigger place with lots of emags 
taking a cut of up to a 50% increase of the scene people, reaching everyone 
out there!, just imagine 25000 people reading your little article on the 
release day .. Interesting? Yeah, I thought so :)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
If you would like to contribute to this project contact MuadDib on irc in 
the channels #emags #relativity on efnet or by email at muaddib@usa.net.