Biskit
Secret Article


Werd up Yall.

        Like the last issue.. i plan to write on meaningless shit.  And as
always, it will contribute nothing positve to the world we live in.. oh well
fuck it.. i guess its just a character flaw i have. :)

        Masturbation.  Plain and simple, all guys masturbate, all guys tell
thier girlfriends they don't, and all guys would would shoot them selves in
the muther fuckin head if they were ever caught pulling thier pud by thier
mother. But we know this as common ground, it means jack shit.. its everyday
knowlege, blah blah blah....  but once again.. women (being the "inferior"
species) do not openly talk about masturbation.. and no matter what.. most
women will tell you and other women "NO! absolutely not!".  Why?? because
women are fucked!  To them masturbation is "taboo" or "unspeakable", and
because of this, i lothe women and thier tiny little pea sized brains even
more.  Don't get me wrong.. women are still good to fuck and cook, but they
don't even have the mental capacity to speak about what they do.. they are
liars in fullest meaning of the word.

        I'll tell you what.  I masturbate.. thats right bitch.. so shove it
up your ass.. and im gonna keep on masturbating until my fuckin dick falls
off!! why!!?!? cause im a cold hearted red blooded american MAN! and just 
like any other cold hearted red blooeded american man, i masturbate.. almost
daily, it all depends on when i got laid last..  if i got laid the night 
before...i'll be ok for a few days.. but fuckin shit man.. if its been a 
few nights since i got laid last, i pull that big fat hairy bad boy out and 
smack him aroud until convulses and spits all over the place.  But dont you 
look at me as if i have three heads.. (cause i only got two.. :> )  because 
each and every guy reading this article has masturbated in the last 3 or 4 
days.. and don't be ashamed to show it MY BROTHERS!! let it be known!! tell
your fuckin math teacher!! He wont care!! know why?!?! cause he wanked his 
heart out this morning.  WHY!?!??! cause he's a MAN!! not a veggie earthy 
crunchy good for nothing piece of dog shit woman!!  UNITE my my brothers!! 
Masturbate..


                        -  Been Real  -
                                 Biskit
